Notes

--The Model--

rtdist is the new reltrans model. It is essentially reltransDCp, with the
following new features:
1) logxi_p is no longer a parameter. Instead, the distance to the source is
a parameter and the ionisation gradient is calculated self-consistently.
2) The source is no longer assumed to be isotropic. Instead, the angular
dependence is specified by the parameters b1, b2 and qboost. b1 and b2 are
linear and quadratic coefficients of the mu=\cos\theta dependence and qboost
skews the reltation. qboost = I(mu=-1)/I(mu=1). This new qboost parameter
supersedes the old boost parameter.
3) The disc scaleheight h/r is now a free parameter.
4) simrtdist is a lag spectrum simulation tool to be used in xspec.

I've worked the reflionx model back into the code. genreltrans now
uses reflionx is Cp=0. Just about to write a proper model wrapper.
The reflionx code looks for an environment variable:
REFLIONX_FILE
If this is not set, it instead asks the user and then saves it for the
rest of the session (i.e. exactly the same setup as the response
matrix files). The genreltrans routine is a little more streamlined
now, calling myreflect(), which is a subroutine that uses either a
xillver table or the reflionx table. Reflionx is normalised such that
it has the same 50-100 keV integral as the corresponding logne=15
xillverDCp spectrum.

reflionx model currently has kTbb hardwired to 0.05 keV. COuld change
this in future by including kTbb as another parameter in the param()
array that goes into genreltrans().

--Use--

The new model has 24 parameters, whereas reltransDCp has only 20. The new
parameters are: Dkpc, qboost, honr, b1, b2, and Anorm and obsolete parameters
are: logxi and boost, leaving net 4 new parameters. In reality, the xspec
version of the model will only have 3 extra potentially free parameters
(honr, b1 and b2), because Anorm takes the place of the xspec norm
parameter. i.e. in xspec, reltransDCp has 21 parameters and rtdist has 25,
but the 25th parameter of rtdist must *always* be frozen (see below).

IMPORTANT!
>For the DC component, the xspec norm parameter must be frozen to norm=1.
>For the lag spectrum, the xspec norm parameter must (as usual) be frozen to
norm=1.
>For the Re/Im/amp spectra, the xspec norm becomes the average power in that
frequency range in squared fractional rms units (this is the case if the
data really are the cross-spectrum and not the complex covariance).

The reason for this is that Anorm is A0 from the RELTRANS 2.0 paper.
Previously, A0 was input as the norm parameter of the DC component. Now we
need A0 for all calls because we use it to calculate logxi(r). It is
therefore its own model parameter. The model therefore already multiplies
the DC component by Anorm and the AC components by Anorm^2  before sending
then to xspec.

--Still to do--

1) Bring back the reflionx version of the model (this is still commented
out)
2) The g-factors currently still assume theta=pi/2. Should ideally be
generalised. This affects gsd and gdo.
3) Simulation tool ignores background.
4) getcountrate() subroutine (mainly used in simulation tool) only adds
up counts from full energy channels between the entered min and max
energy. Could improve to also add up the fractions in the lowest and
highest energy channel in the range. Only matters for fine energy bins,
which we never use for lag vs energy spectrum.

--Implementation--

The gentreltrans subroutine now accepts one parameter array, currently with
25 parameters. Each individual reltrans model populates this array from its
own parameter array, hardwiring any genreltrans parameters that are
hardwired for that particular model flavour. Set_param then reads in this
one parameter array. The logical variables needtrans and needconv are now
set in one subroutine need_check(). I also deleted the kTe variable as this
is not reuqired: Ecut is always used, and its meaning is either an
exponential cut-off or an electron temperature. There is never any need for
the variable to have a different name.

Note on g-factors:

gsd has been totally replaced with the new, more general expression.
There is one remaining instance of the old gdo though, in demang.

h/r > 0 is currently not in the calculation of mue and mui. These are
the cosines of the angles between the incident/emitted ray and the
z-axis, NOT the disc normal. In order to do this probly, I'd need to
calculate a new normal vector to the disc.


standard_outputs.qdp:

Datagroups:
1&2: lag & spec for "default" parameters before including myreflect()
3&4: lag & spec for "default" parameters after including myreflect()
5&6: lag & spec for "default" parameters but with h/r=0, before changing g-factor routines
7&8: lag & spec for "default" parameters but with h/r=0, after changing g-factor routines
9&10: lag & spec for "default" parameters, after changing g-factor routines
...the new g-fac routines make next to n difference even for h/r=0.1.
